"Don’t compare. Don’t analyze. Just be yourself. Be yourself and breathe. Be yourself and appreciate who you are. Be yourself and just simply feel good. This is you, and this you that you are is absolutely magnificent."
"Being brave doesn’t mean you aren’t scared. Being brave means you are scared, really scared, badly scared, and you do the right thing anyway."
"It isn’t necessary to react to everything you notice."
"Don’t fear failure. Fear being in the same place in a year from now."
"The best revenge is no revenge. Move on. Be happy."
"Always defend your right to heal at your own pace. You are taking your time. You are allowed to take your time."
"Sometimes the most healing thing we can do is remind ourselves, over and over, that other people feel this too."
"You can only grow if you’re willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new."
"Instead of saying ‘I’m damaged, I’m broken, I have trust issues’ say ‘I’m healing, I’m rediscovering myself, I’m starting over.’ Positive self-talk."
"Don’t become so obsessed with the result that you forget to appreciate the beauty of the process."
"When someone does something wrong, don’t forget all the things they did right."
"All of us blossom when we feel loved and wither when we do not feel loved."
"People who ignore you - until it suits them to talk you - aren’t worth your time or your friendship."
"Sometimes you cannot control how you fall, but what you can control is how you get back up again."
"Your worth is found not by how people return the love that you give, but by how you choose to love with what you have."
"Don’t forget to take some time out for yourself today. There’s absolutely nothing wrong with giving yourself the space needed to be at peace."
"Have hope even when life has you on your knees. Move forward even when no one believes. Say thanks even when it hurts to breathe. Don’t give up."
"Remember that the bricks that you carry right now are gradually building your house, one by one, slowly but surely."
"Be gentle with yourself. You’re doing the best you can."
"Just because you took longer than others doesn’t mean you failed. Remember that."
"Be nice to yourself. It’s hard to be happy when someone is mean to you all the time."
"Don’t be a victim of your own mind."
"You are going to want to give up. Don’t."
"You are not stupid. You are not ugly. You are not worthless. You are not weak. You are not a burden. Your anxiety is lying to you."
"There will always be someone who can’t see your worth. Don’t let it be you."
"No-one will love you exactly the way you want them to. You just have to let them do their best."
"I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself."
"You have to meet people where they are, and sometimes you have to leave them there."
"Most of the time when we think we’re looking for death, we’re really looking for love."
"Stop pressing rewind on things that should be deleted from your life."
"The way to love someone is to lightly run your finger over that person’s soul until you find a crack - and then gently pour your love into that crack."
"Maybe life is not so much about attaining ‘success,’ but more so to simply make the world a better place. Maybe this is what life is really about."
"A lot of people are afraid to say what they want. That’s why they don’t get what they want."
"There are far too many silent sufferers. Not because they don’t yearn to reach out, but because they’ve tried and found no one who cares."
"Strong people don’t put others down. They lift them up."
"The best people I know are always evaluating and improving themselves. The unhappy people are usually evaluating and judging others."
"It doesn't really matter who you used to be. All that really matters is who you have become."
"I’m going to tell you a secret: You don’t have to believe every thought that pops into your head."
"Closure comes to us from within. It comes when we accept that letting go and moving forward is more important than remaining stuck in a situation that is no longer us. With a person who is no longer us."
"Kindness is a wonderful way to let another struggling soul know that there is still love in the world."
"Don’t settle for a relationship that won’t let you be yourself."
"We try so hard to hide everything we’re really feeling from those who probably need to know our true feelings the most. People try to bottle up their emotions, as if it’s somehow wrong to have natural reactions to life."
"Think back to all of the times you’ve said ‘If only I could have told my younger self’. Now, imagine how many times the future you may be thinking that towards your current self."
"You can’t spend your whole life holding the door open for people and then being angry they didn’t thank you. Nobody asked you to hold the fucking door."
"The biggest lesson I’ve learned is, It’s okay. It’s okay for me to be kind to myself. It’s okay to be wrong. It’s okay to get mad. It’s okay to be flawed. It’s okay to be happy. It’s okay to move on."
"It takes more courage to reveal your insecurities than to hide them."
"Sometimes the best goal you can set is just to get out of bed every day. If you can succeed at this, then other things become possible."
"You can be a good person with a kind heart, and still say no."
"Anxiety happens when you think you have to figure out everything all at once. Breathe. you’re strong. You got this. Take it day by day."
"People have a hard time letting go of their suffering. Out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar."
